improve upgrade documentation (#1056)
arangodb/docs: 3.7/upgrading-starter.md

**Note:** you do not have to stop the _Starter_ processes before upgrading it.

For example, if you want to upgrade to `3.9.2` on Debian or Ubuntu, either call

```bash
apt install arangodb=3.9.2
```

(`apt-get` on older versions) if you have added the ArangoDB repository. Or
install a specific package using

```bash
dpkg -i arangodb3-3.9.2-1_amd64.deb
```

after you have downloaded the corresponding file from
[www.arangodb.com/download/](https://www.arangodb.com/download/){:target="_blank"}

> or have downloaded the new Enterprise Edition executable.

Reviewer: The download page leads to both Editions, do we need to mention EE explicitly? Is a .deb executable?

If you have connected clusters across multiple datacenter
(DC2DC deployment), then you need to update each of the clusters.

If the upgrade command fails, please try again. If the upgrade command continues

> to fail, please contact ArangoDB support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to fail, please contact the ArangoDB support.
```

If an _arangod_ or _arangosync_ server is being upgraded when the abort
was issued, this upgrade will be finished. Remaining servers will not be
upgraded.

> ## Going back to the previous version in case of failure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Going back to the previous version in case of a failure
```

In case the upgrade cannot be carried out (i.e. the upgrade command continues 

> to fail with an error message) please contact ArangoDB support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to fail with an error message) please contact the ArangoDB support.
```

Until then, the not yet upgraded instances will still be running the previous
version of ArangoDB. When instances are restarted, they will be starting
with the newly installed version.

> In order to avoid that instances will be using the new version upon the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to avoid that instances use the new version upon the
```
